So Anthropic has released their most powerful model just yesterday, and they're calling it Fable. And it's the first Methos class uh model. If you don't know what Mythos is, Mythos is the model that they announced about a month ago, and they said that they're gonna release it in public because it's uh extremely powerful, and it found security holes in the software that has been used for many, many years. Uh and it's it's critical, like everybody is using it like Linux kernel and open SSL. So finding the security holes in that and not only the security holes, but also found the exploits as well, is extremely critical. So what they did was before actually you know releasing it to the public, they said that they are gonna have a control release, and they actually gave it to like big companies uh so that they can plug their security holes. However, yesterday Anthropic went ahead and released that model, but with some guardrails. So they took Mythos put guardrails around it, and they released it, and they're calling it Fable, Fable 5. So this model is supposedly an extremely powerful model that is available to the public, and people are extremely excited about it. So today we are gonna put it to test. We are gonna build an app with it and see how it does. I haven't used Fable yet, and this is the first time I'm gonna be using it, and I'll take you guys along and see how it performs while building the app. I built a lot of apps with Sonnet, Opus, and uh Gemini and recently with GPT 5.5 and they all do really good. But you have to go back and forth quite a bit with them. Uh but this model fable is supposed to basically surpass all these models. So I'm assuming that it's gonna do way better than the other models, and we won't have to go back and forth too much. So we will create an app that will allow the users to actually look for jobs and apply for them. Um so the app is gonna go out there, seek out the available jobs. Uh based on their criteria or the keywords that they have placed. It is gonna list those jobs to the user, and then the user can actually and apply for those jobs. So let's see if it is able to handle something like this. Okay, so this is the Claude Code user interface. It's a desktop application. If you haven't used Cloud Code before, you can just uh search on Claude Desktop and download it based on your operating system from here. So just download and install it on your computer, and then you will get an interface like this. If you're new to Claude Desktop, there are three tabs here. You can use uh chat to just uh chat with the Claude and you can use uh co work that will allow you to actually um. Interact with your desktop. You can do a lot of things with the Claude which are gonna be local to your computer itself, like that's gonna deal with your files and folders on your hard drive. So you can use those, but be very careful with it. Don't let it actually delete your stuff that is very critical. And then there is uh code tab, and you can actually go ahead and have Cloud write code for you. So you can build your applications here. So we are gonna use uh Claude code to do that. Now they have a terminal also which is more advanced and uh tricky to use. So I'm gonna use just this user interface so that anybody can actually use it, you know. Anybody who is not very well versed with uh using terminals, they can use it as well. So let's try it out. So here's the thing. First thing that you want to do is to actually select local here. You want to build the application locally first before you can upload it anywhere. So we are gonna be building the application locally, so that all the files are actually residing on your local hard drive. That's how I build. Uh there is um there is that cloud option also, but we are not gonna go with that today. Once you have local, it will allow you to actually select the folder. You can basically click on it and it will open up your file explorer, and you could basically go ahead and create the folder where you want the entire application to reside. That's very important. You should do that. You should create a separate folder so that all the files related to the project are in one particular folder. So I already created this job search apply folder, and that's what I have selected. Now the other thing that you want to do is click on here, and it will give you option for all the models that are available. So you could use the Opus models if you want to. And uh if you want to use, you can use Sonnet So the hierarchy is Haiku is the lowest and cheapest. And then Sonnet is pretty good. Not so expensive, not so cheap. It's in the middle mid range, and it's very smart also. So it has been the king for long time, like just three, four months ago. Now there are better models than this, like Opus, which comes on top of it. It's more expensive, way more expensive, and way more powerful than Sonic. And that's what we have been using for more tricky and complex work, but for any general purpose work, Sonnet is the best option. And then the next level now above all Opus is supposedly fable. Fable is even more expensive than uh Opus. One thing to note is that Fable is available with paid subscription until June 22nd. So you have to have a paid subscription. It's not available on the free subscription. And on top of it, it is only gonna be available until June 22nd. So build whatever you have to build before June 22nd. After that, they are gonna make it pay as you go. So you will have to pay for every API call. So not only you have to be a paid member, and then on top of it, if you want to use Fable, we'll have to pay for it. And this thing is expensive. Like super expensive. It will be impractical to pay for it unless you're building something that's gonna give you that kind of return. But for now, Fable is available in the paid subscription. For free. Kind of. You're already paying for it for the subscription. But it is mostly free to use. And I'm sure the quota is very limited on it. So we will see if we run out of coda while we are building this app. So once we have all the set, the next thing to do is to give a prompt. So normally when I am building an app, I actually give it a rough prompt, just dictate to it whatever I want, uh, whatever comes to my mind, and then I ask it to write a PRD for it. And PRD is a product requirement document. This is how we work in the corporate environment in software engineering. We actually write a PRD for it. Actually, normally program manager does that. But we have to have a PRD, which actually roughly describes all the features of the of the product that we want the product to have. Right. And then what happens is that you write the requirement document from it, and then you write the design document for it, and then you implement it. Of course, I don't go through all this ever since I'm doing AI coding, but I definitely write a PRD document, which is very detailed, and I use that PRD document to write milestone. And then once you have different milestones, I want to do this first, and then this next, and then this next. So if you divide your app into these chunks, it's easier. And then you give one milestone at a time to the AI coding software and have them build the app one milestone at a time. And that's my regular process, and that's what you should follow. Because if you throw everything on it, usually the models cannot handle. But since Fable is supposedly a very powerful model, we are gonna just give it a vague prompt. And skip all this. No PRD, no milestones, no nothing. We are gonna ask it to write a complete full app and see how it does. Right. Okay, so I have dictated the prompt here. So I'm gonna read it out so that you know what it is. It says, okay, let's create a web app that helps people search for jobs and apply to them. I want to use some kind of API from Apify or another similar source. Obviously, it's gonna use some kind of API to find out the jobs. So I am asking it to use the Apify which is a very good place to use API. If you don't know API, API is uh is an interface to a service, so you can talk to it, you can grab data from it, and you can you know write data to it. So Apify is a very good place where they have all different kinds of APIs available for all different kinds of services. So if you need anything, if you want to access if you want your app to do something, for example, uh if you want to create an app which will give you the listings of all the houses available for rent or for to buy, you can go to apify and you will find some. One has developed this API for it so that you can use it in your program. So API actually, it's application program and interface. It allows you to build applications or your own software to use other services to be part of your application. So I'm asking it to use AP5, find some service there for this purpose, because in this case we have to find out all the jobs which are available. And I'm sure there are some API on Apify which actually would allow us to retrieve all the available jobs. You need to keep the cost as low as possible for searching and applying to jobs. I don't want to spend too much money, and plus your app should not spend too much money anyways, right? more your cost is more is gonna be the cost for your customer. And more difficult it will be to actually market that app. Create everything from beginning to end. I want a landing page, authentication, backend database, payment processing. Also describe some subscription plans and make sure there is flexibility to change those plans later. Now these are very basic things. In our app for job seeking and applying, we will have to have authentication, which means the user could should be able to log in and stuff. We should be able to store user data, anything related to user, which jobs they have applied and which jobs they want to apply. We want to be able to store them to store that data. You need some kind of database in there. And then if you want to charge your customers, you need some kind of payment processing service in there as well. I have asked it to add all these things so that it knows the scope of the app. There should be an admin role and regular user roles. The admin should be able to make changes, create and manage plans and handle other settings. Regular users should be able to log into their dashboard and see how many new jobs are available. How many jobs they can still apply to, and how many jobs they have already applied for. Make sure to cover all the corner cases, keep the cost as low as possible, use local services and internal functionality as much as possible, and also use external services when there is no better option. Just choose the best low cost option available. Again, we are reminding to use the low cost. Create .env.example file. For any API keys or service credentials needed for the external services. I will fill in the real values later for now, populate it with dummy data. Let's clarify what it here is. Populate the app with the dummy data, not just the dot env example. Now if you don't know what .env.example file is. Usually when you are actually using other services, you will need some kind of API key, which is a secret. You don't want anybody else to know about it. And we keep them in a separate file called.env. And we specify those in there, we get it from the service and we put it in there. And that file stays locally secured, never gets uploaded anywhere on the internet. Because if you upload it there, if somebody else gets hold of it, they can use those API keys and perform those operations, and you pay for it. So they'll be using the services and you will be paying for it. So you don't want that to happen. So you want to keep those secured. So we want to put them in .env file Use Frost Glass, liquid glass theme. I like those a lot. And I have noticed that the models have a very hard time in building those. So we will see how good Fable does. Allow to change between light theme and dark theme. So that's all I'm giving it as the prompt. I'm not creating any PRD. I'm not creating any milestones or anything. I'm gonna just throw this prompt at it and see how well it does. So let's go. Before we do that, let's make sure that we have selected Fable 5 as the model. And it seems if you look at this uh graph, which actually actually compares the top three models, Fable 5, Opus 4.8, and GPT 5.5. Right. So if you look at the on this scale, there is uh cost and uh on this scale, it's the performance score, whatever the score that they're using. But this gives us a rough idea of how these models compare. So we have this uh GPT 5.5, which is really good model, actually, somewhere here. Of course, it doesn't belong to Anthropic so they're gonna just uh do that. But it is very close to Opus, actually, by the way. But I mean probably not as good as the Opus is, but it's not as far as they've shown here, in my opinion. So anyway, this is the line for GPT 5.5, and there are always different levels. So low, medium, high, and extra high. As you go higher in the level, usually the cost increases, but according to them, the performance is not increasing as much. So which is very weird. I don't think that's the case. But anyway, for opus, as you can see, even for opus, they're saying the medium is performing less than low. So opus is falling here, but you can see that Fable is way up here. So if you'll use Fable in extra high and max, this is gonna just blow your mind, I would think, if this these numbers are correct. But what they are telling us that low, fable low is better than GPD high and extra high, and it costs almost the same as these models. So and it's even better than high, opus high. So we are gonna select low, which is supposedly better than all these models, and see how it does. Because if I select medium, high, or extra high, I'm sure it's gonna run out of my quota you know, before it has even completed the app. So I'm gonna select it to low and see how that goes. So here we are gonna select low for it. So we are gonna keep it at fable five low, and then we are gonna submit it to Fable and see. How it does. Now there are a lot of things that you could specify, like what kind of framework you're gonna be using, like React and stuff. I haven't done that. I haven't specified what kind of database I'm gonna be using and all this. Normally, as I said, when we create PRD and stuff, you do specify all this. We haven't done that. I hope that it's gonna make a good selection. I hope it's gonna select React for this particular app. And some database other than Superbase or something like maybe the local database, maybe sqlite just to for the PRD. But we'll see how that goes. Okay, so it's asking me to use um PowerShell and uh asking for permission. So I'm gonna say always allow. So that it doesn't ask me again for that. So it's saying I'll build complete job search and apply web app using nextGS and SQLite. Okay, so it decided to use nextGS. That's fine. NextGS is good also. I would have preferred React, but that's fine. We can we can work with the next GS. And it decided to use Skill Light, so which is good. This way we can just have a free local test. To see how things are working, and then if you want to go further, we can always ask it to actually switch it to some other database. Key based JWT Auth. So this is also good. It's like local authentication protocol comes with Next.js. Maybe that's the reason why it's using Next.js. And so we don't have to use any external services uh for that. And then it's gonna use the Stripe for payments, which is also a good payment processing service. I wanted to use it. Actually, I didn't say it. Uh I usually use the Stripe with a built-in mock mode, so it runs without keys. So it will also create a mock mode, which is mock data is basically data which is not true data, but just to test the app, it will basically populate the app with those that data so that we can do perform actions on it. Because otherwise, without data, how would you actually tell? How would you log in? You know, you will have to create real users and you'll have to search for the real jobs and stuff like that. But just to test how the things need to work, we always create mock data, and that actually allows us to test the app. And then it's saying that it's gonna use the frost glass UI and all this, so that's that'll be good. And it's doing all these one by the one at a time, one by one. It's right now working on auth API and route. Now it's working on APIs to actually retrieve jobs with code and force. Looks like uh it's basically going to apply some coda to the users also, which is a good thing. Because we don't want the users to actually sign up, just keep on getting the job listings. They are not gonna have infinite access to the to getting the job, because obviously every query that they are gonna do, it's gonna cost us money because those API calls are gonna cost us money. So we will have to have some kind of uh code and it never told it about this, and it automatically looks like it's gonna it has decided to do that, which is a very, very good thing. Now these APIs could be actually local APIs that it's talking about. These are the APIs to talk to our application. Not the API to actually go out and uh retrieve the data about jobs. And it is showing here how much uh tokens it has or the code arm it has already used. So it breaks it into five hour limit and weekly limit. Codex also does the same thing. It's saying that it has already used 11. I had used it a little bit more before. This 11% is actually from the beginning of this app development, but I had used uh the weekly coda, this 10% actually has some other stuff, not just this app, but it's going pretty fast as well, it seems uh uh which is not good, but uh we'll see how that goes. I hope it doesn't run out of coda before the app is completed. So it's asking to actually see the database. Uh we are gonna say yes, which actually means that it's gonna be populated with some uh data, mock data that it's gonna generate. I'm going to let it continue and uh come back when it's done. Let's take a look what it has done. Okay, so it looks like it created the. So that we can look at the information about the about the app. It has also done a lot of testing. So it says that login works uh so it looks like it tested the login. It has some issue with the locking the database being locked because of the server running would stop it and then re-ran it. And then it says everything passes, so it ran all the tests also, so which is a really good thing because testing is essential part of soft change engineering cycle for for an app development. Right. So um and then it gave us uh the whole uh summary. So let's see. It's calling it job glass, kind of a weird name. But that's fine. Uh a complete next year next JS um app router plus transcript uh app. Designed around minimum cost, everything runs locally with zero external keys required. That's uh kind of surprising. I would expect that it would need some keys. Oh, I think it's talking about that with mock data, you could be run it without any keys, so which is good. And the stack that it chose, database that's using uh scale light, which is fine, auth. It said that you know it's gonna use GWT with B crypt to uh uh secure passwords, which is uh which is a good good acceptable solution. It's uh using a stripe for that with no keys, it's just gonna use the mock mode where you know you could uh check out without going through actual stripe, which is a good thing. That way we can test, we can create users and we can basically just uh upgrade their plans without paying a single penny in the test mode. And then the most important thing, uh job data. Uh it's using Apify integration that only reads the last successful actor run's data data set. Which is uh which has some kind of mechanism that goes and does uh actor run, grabs the data and uh then reuses it. It doesn't go every time run the APIs, so that to keep the cost minimum. So it is really working on the fact that it doesn't want to use uh a lot of uh money to actually uh uh scrap the for jobs. And then it has glass themed landing page, pricing, login register, user dashboard, and all those uh cool things that we need to have. We are gonna look at the app in a moment. Let's see, and it also has uh it has uh defined a free plan with zero it allows five applies per month. So you can apply for five jobs every month, and the pro has uh nine dollars per month, and you can have unlimited jobs. We are minus one, which means if you put minus one in the database, it says that you know you can unlimited jobs. So all this is good, and it also lists all these corner cases which uh which uh include really real cool things like um auto-downgrade to free, which is which is a corner case, which is the pretty difficult to actually handle if you have ever built app before and monthly codas roll forward. Okay, I never asked it to do that. I don't think I want to do I would like the coda to roll forward because it accumulates uh too much and costs you money, but we know that that's good missing subscription auto-attach free, which is uh which is shy web signature verification with recharge, I'm just reading random, so you're this is this is a very good thing too it has the logins, it has a seed seed logins uh admin is at uh this uh uh email address and this password. And there are gonna be two roles, one is admin and one is uh user. So it has created one user for uh uh admin role and one user for the user role, so that we can look at both sides, uh administration side of the website as well as the user side of the website. This is also very important. It's almost always in every application you will have this that you will have to create a admin user as well as uh the regular users. And then it's asking us to fill in the uh API keys in dot env.example. It uses the stripe and Apify keys looks like, and that has also created readme with all the steps, and you can run the server with npm and dev, which is a normal thing to do. Okay, so this is very interesting. It says that the currently the demo user, because of the testing is on the unlimited plan. If you want to change it, it says that we run npm run dev:seed It will it is gonna reseed the database. And then it in the bracket itself, it's saying it's actually denying what it's just said, and it's actually correcting itself. It says uh it won't it won't do that, actually. It's not gonna reseed your database because if the data is already existing, it doesn't actually reseed. So just go in into the admin admin panel and uh change it from there, which which is the right thing to do, actually. I should be able to go and do that. It's it's funny. It said something, and then after that in brackets, it's saying that no, this is not gonna work, it should be done this way. I find it very funny for such a smart uh model. But after all, these are models. Okay, so moment of truth. How are we going to access this app, right? But then it has given us this URL. And if you click on it, it opens it up. So look at that. Job glass. Your job search beautifully organized. I can see it off the bat that this is actually out a little bit on the fonts here, but that's fine. That can easily be fixed. Get started, it's free, view pricing, fresh listings, one click apply tracking, know your numbers. Okay. And then simple pricing. Free get started. Browse jobs. And apply to f few each month. Five applications per month. Pro nine dollars per month for active seeker. And unlimited. Okay. Landing page is pretty short. That's fine. And then we have toggle this is the dark theme. And we're gonna go back to light team. And then this is uh supposed to have some contract. S sign up is actually hiding behind this uh background. So it's overall good, but not unusually uh awesome. Then hey, let's see. Uh we'll we'll we'll see how the functionality is. If I click on pricing, it opens up a pricing page, which is separate from that page, and it lists uh more detailed pricing information, which is good. Now let's uh take a look at the let's try to log in. The login page looks pretty good. Um let's see. Let's log in as uh admin first. So it says that this is what the username is, and then admin one to three, and then this is what the password is. We're gonna log in, or we have uh dashboard, and we have more options here, which is good. So it has the admin dashboard, it shows how many users do we have total, and how many active jobs we have and uh applications, how many people overall, I guess, have applied to jobs, so there are five applications and there is one paying subscriber. So it gives the overall view of what going on with the entire app. Um so here are the plans, different plans. Free plan has free price and the limit and all this, which is really good. I guess we could add those. If I click on edit, it opens up this uh window, and I could actually change its name if I want to, and then slug as well, and then price is uh you know I can change the price here and uh apply limit, which is five, and then the description, and then the features uh one per line. I guess these features that you put here are gonna show up on the pricing page. So that's great. Let's uh let's go to Pro Plan and change its price to okay, it's in cents per month, so we are gonna change it to 1495. We're gonna save it, and then it shows up here that it's now 1495 per month. I'm gonna reload the page. It is still working, so it means that it has actually saved it. Actually, I should log log out and uh and then log back in to actually do it, but I'm assuming that it's saved it. I could delete it, which I am not gonna do that, and I could create a new plan as well. So let's try a new enterprise plan, which says uh name is enterprise, and then enterprise, then it's gonna be you know say ninety-nine dollars per month, apply limit is gonna be of course minus one. Okay, so this is not good because it's not able to take minus one for unlimited. So that's not good. So we are gonna apply change it to We can get it fixed by letting the letting Claude know that this is not accepting the minus one. So it's just a check that they have in that has placed here to the check says that it can only take uh numbers. Uh it forgot to uh allow minus one in there, so that's not good. I wouldn't expect uh high end model to have something like this, but then again, we have set it to low, so I'm gonna let it go. Description. We are gonna this is for enterprise and feature everything from unlimited and then one on one customer support. And we are gonna put this in there. We have uh enterprise in here as well. So it would be interesting to see if um the pricing page shows uh enterprise here, which is bad. Uh that's not good because this is I wanna want it to show here. And also it would be nice, it would have been nice if I could basically move the order, which uh it doesn't provide, but that's that's fine. That could be uh added something that I like. So let's go to users uh and we can see that there are two user. One is the admin, that's us, and then there is another user which is uh demo user. And I should be able to edit and I'm it doesn't have the edit feature here. So I should be able to add it here, but it's not giving me the added feature, which is not good. However, it's actually giving me uh uh make admin, you know, if I click on it, this guy is also gonna become admin. And if I click on it, it's this is gonna become uh a regular user. And if I do that, I won't be able to log in as admin with any user, and that's gonna be bad. So I'm not gonna do that, but I'm assuming good software engineer actually going to check if this user is the only admin, then it would never allow them to demote So fact that it's actually letting me demote at least the button is there. I don't know if it is uh going to actually check at the time when I'm gonna click that demo demo button. Uh maybe it will and it won't let me do that, but I'm not gonna take the risk right now. So moving on, then there are setting which actually says that new signups are enabled or disabled. So I could basically shut down the website by saying that you know new signups are disabled or you know enabled. So that's a good feature, I guess. Okay, so there is a button here that I could click and it will go and retrieve the latest and greatest uh jobs uh uh for the users. So I could as an admin do that. Uh more appropriate way to of doing this when it goes to production is to have a cron job or something, an automated job that runs in the background, and it actually goes and retrieves the jobs every hour or so and updates the database so that the users are notified as soon as any job actually shows up that relates to their interests. So okay, so this is what admin looks like, I guess. Okay, so there are jobs that we could see, and then there is uh uh admin panel here that we already saw. So in the jobs, I think this jobs tab is should be visible to the users as well. So it is fill up filled up with the dummy jobs, of course, for now. Once I add the API key for app if I it's gonna basically retrieve the real jobs from here. But every time when it's gonna run, it's gonna cost some money. So we have to be careful how it wants. So I guess probably because of that it has it hasn't created any cron job or automated job. It's basically created at this button here, which I could manually press. But of course, we cannot go in in production with something like this. We will have to have some kind of cron job that does it automatically in the background. So yeah, that's what the admin panel looks like. So I'm gonna log out from here, and then we are gonna try to log in as the user. And let's see, the user is actually a demo at a job glass. I'm gonna say user one, and I'm gonna log in. Okay, so we logged in. So the user is in the unlimited uh uh plan. We should have seen in the admin panel to see if I could actually change the plan for the user from the admin panel. Because if they actually stop paying or something, it should be automated when once they stop paying, they should be or cancel job. We'll we're gonna cancel the subscription here and see how it drops down. We will take a look. So new jobs, it's showing new jobs this week is 30, and you can browse jobs, which actually brings it here, which is all the same jobs that we saw before. And then there is this uh applications remaining, how many applications are remaining? This user is on unlimited plan, it's showing infinite here. Uh jobs apply to is uh five. All time. So it's pretending that you have already applied for five jobs, and here are the jobs which you have applied to. The only thing is that it doesn't have any way to click on it. I'm not able to click on these any of these links. So I should be able to click on these links and look at job listing details to see what those jobs are about. So that's also something that we need to work on. Here's uh where it's a change plan. So we are gonna see if we can switch over to something else. Let's see if we can switch over to choose pro. Okay, so it actually switched over to pro, but obviously since we don't have any stripe keys right now, it's not going through the payment processing and stuff like that. It just switched over. If you go back to the dashboard, it now says that I'm in pro and I have 50 applications remaining. Zero out of 50. Even though it previously it was saying that I had five already applied to, or here, five are already applied to. So it shouldn't be possibly saying 50 here. This is a problem, but it could be because of the mock data. Um sometimes uh mock data handling is not very well, but the actual data might work just fine. So we'll have to be tested with the real data and then you know ask uh Fable to actually fix the issues. and here you can see it still showing all these jobs uh where a user could apply. Of course, I'm right now it's um mock uh uh listings, shows uh all the job title address where it is located in the salary range and the brief description. It also has the link to the job listing. If you click on it right now, obviously it's just mock job, so it's not showing anything, but it's supposed to take you to that listing here, and then it has this apply button to each and every job if you want to apply. If you like that job, you can just press apply and it will be applied. Right now, of course, again, it's uh just mock. Uh, but it should be able to apply. So yeah, so this is how what the jobs uh page look like. Now one more thing, if you have to make it uh real app, you will have to actually go into.env. It has created this.env.example file. You have to make a copy of it or rename this file as.env. And you will have to provide all this information here that it that it's needed. These are the API keys that you will need from uh Stripe, as well as uh you need the API key from Apify in order to basically get the real data to make it a real um. App. Right now it's just basically working with the mock data. Once you do that, at this point it will basically go and grab real job listing and uh as well as actually make real payments for the users who want that service from you. So there is some work still needs to be done here. Uh overall, this looks uh a pretty good uh app. Uh how does it compare to the models that we had before? If you ask me, I don't think there is anything in here that I wouldn't be able to do with Opus as well as with GPT 5.5. If I had to build the same app with the with these uh with this model, it would have actually given me very much similar app. Now the only difference is that I started with just a small prompt and uh you know let it uh uh build this. Usually basically, as I said, I went I go through create a PRD and then I use that PRD to actually build the app. But I think it's still it would have come very close to I'm the thing that really disappointed me is that minus one thingy that we saw in the that uh uh number of applications per month uh field, that shouldn't be there. I mean for a model which is so smart, it shouldn't basically overlook such a small thing that you know it wouldn't allow minus one there, even though minus one is a valid value, just saying it there that minus one could be for unlimited applications per month. So that was a little bit uh of a bummer here, but uh overall it did it performed very well. To be fair to Fabble, I mean we have kept it at low. I think uh if I would have used Opus or GPT five point five in low mode, which I never do actually, it would probably not be able to generate this kind of uh uh app. I guess I would have to set it to medium or high. So I guess I'm gonna use the Fabble until June twenty second, for which it's uh available to all the paid subscribers. I don't think I'll be spending fifty dollars per million token on this uh model uh you know when it's not available freely on the subscribe subscription plan. Uh I don't think I'm gonna be basically spending that kind of money to to build up. Now if I'm making a very complex app and I'm pay pa paid well for that, then maybe I I might be able to justify using uh Febleble uh you know based on the API cost. This is my first experiment with Fable model. I hope you liked it. Uh let me know in the comments what do you think about this model and uh what else do you want me to build? Uh if you want me to work with you on any of your AI automation uh tasks. If you have a business where you want to automate any of its aspect if you're if something is costing you too much money or if it is uh very slow and uh very repetitive. Then you could basically always automate it with AI. And it may cost you less and it can t definitely save you a lot of time and money and uh free up your staff to do something better. Um so contact me and uh don't forget to like and subscribe.