ZAI released GLM 5.2. And it's making a splash. It has a contact window of one million tokens. A big leap forward from 5.1 which had a contact window of only two hundred thousand tokens. With the context window of one million tokens, it is actually at the same level now as many of the frontier models like uh GPT five point five and Opus four point eight. and performance wise it beats uh GPT 5.5 in every benchmark. And it is right there where opus 4.8 which is amazing. And here's the best part. It is five times cheaper than Opus 4.8. So yeah. It costs $1.4 for every million input tokens. and $4.4 for every million output tokens. Which is five times cheaper than Opus 4.8 which costs twenty-five dollars for a million output tokens. On top of it, it is actually open source open weight model. Which means you can basically install it on your local computer as well, if you want to. with 750 billion that it has, you will need a really powerful computer to be able to run it locally. So most of the people will be better off with their subscription plans. But since the model is cheap, obviously the subscription plans are also cheap. You can get the cheapest plan for sixteen dollars per month, and pro plan for around sixty-five dollars per month, and max plan for 144 dollars per month. And if you're willing to pay annually, the price drops down to twelve dollars per month for the cheapest plan. which is way less than codex or Claude code. But here's the best part. quota that comes with these subscription plans, they are way better than what Codecs and Claude They have the same kind of model. They have five to six hour window and uh a weekly window. but you will find that exhausting this quota within the five hour limit, or the weekly limit is very difficult. Whereas if you're using codex or Claude every now and then I'm sure You're hitting the limits and you have to back off. But uh Hitting the limits here would be very difficult for you because they come with huge quota. Much bigger than any of these frontier agents. So yeah, give it a shot. Try it out. if you're using codex with the GPT 5.5 or Claude with the Opus four point eight, and every now and then you are actually running out of coda, then it might be worth trying this model. And let me know how you find it. for AI news like this, don't forget to subscribe, like, and follow. I'll see you in the next video.